So a lot of responsiveness was covered but it was well worth it,
we now got a really responsive application,
we've got platform specific styles,
so a lot was achieved.
Now let's turn our heads towards
the navigation styles, we get different icons
but what about these colors?
What if we wanted to actually use our own brand colors and not the default operating system colors which
are picked here?
It's a good thing that we get these default colors because if you don't want to change anything, you got
a nice look out of the box
but what if we want to enforce our own colors?
We can obviously do that, you can always
check out the documentation of the react native navigation API to find out how to set different styles,
for example on start tab based app for our tabs.
Now there, we got our navigator style, that is responsive for the navigation bar but we also got our
tabs style and something like the tab bar selected button color which if we scroll to the right will
need to be handled differently on Android
but here for iOS, we set it on tabs style so
let's do that.
Let's go to start main tabs and there, we set up all the tabs,
now below that, maybe before the drawer, position doesn't matter,
we can set up our tabs style property here,
so let's do that,
let's set tabs style,
it's a javascript object and there we can now define all these things.
You can define a default tab bar button color but I want to define the color if we select it
and if we did select it, I actually want to color it orange, let's say.
So let's save this and let's reload our iOS application and submit this and we get an orange color here.
Now I also want to have an orange color for this menu button here, we can style that too,
we do that directly in the components where we also control that button,
so in share place and find place, styling the button is as easy as simply adding a static property,
you do this with the static keyword and that means it can be accessed without this having to be instantiated,
this class and the name should be navigator style,
you have to get this name right,
then you can set the nav bar button color here to maybe also orange, like this.
Now copy that also into your find place
component and save that file too and
thereafter
once you reload your iOS application, if you login, you should have an orange button here too.
On Android,
we also got this button after reloading the page but tabs need to be styled differently there though
and you can see this in the react navigation documentation, there for the tab bar selected color,
you see that on Android you should add this to app style,
so let's simply do that.
Let's go back to start main tabs and let's not just add tabs style but maybe below the drawer, let's
add app style, the name that is the same, it's just a different place due to internal reasons.
And with that set up, if you now reload Android and submit this, you got orange buttons here too.
This is how easy you can style your navigation related items
and for more information on how to style what and how to adjust this, always check out the official documentation
of react native navigation,
it's really good when it comes to that.